# TimetableCopyright (C) Trung Nguyen# The Root License## Version 1.0, 18 February 2021Copyright (C) 2021 Trung NguyenEveryone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license. However, modifying the license is not allowed.### Terms and Conditions1. Definitions  &emsp;a. "License" means the Root License, version 1.0.  &emsp;b. "Author" refers to the individual or entity that released the work under this License.  &emsp;c. The "Source Code" is the preferred form of the program for making modifications to it.  &emsp;d. "Work" refers to the collection of files distributed by the Author, including the Source Code and other materials, or any exact copies distributed by a third party.  &emsp;e. "Modify" means the action of copying from or adapting all or part of the Work, in a way that requires copyright permission, excluding making an exact copy.  &emsp;f. A "Modified Version" of the Work is something obtained after a party Modifies the Work, or any other existing Modified Version of it.  &emsp;g. "You" is an individual or entity wishing to exercise the rights to the Work under this License.2. Permissions for the unmodified Work  You are given the right to deal in with the Work without restriction, including, but not limited to, the rights to use, copy, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell unmodified copies of the work, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following condition:  &emsp;A copy of this License, as well as any copyright notices in the Work must be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Work.  3. Modifying  You may modify any existing copies of the Work or Modified Versions of the Work. You may use the Modified Work under the terms of section 2, provided that these additional conditions are met:  &emsp;a. You must include prominent notices that You have modified the Work.  &emsp;b. You may not use the Author's name to endorse or promote the Modified Version, without the Author's prior consent.  If you choose to distribute the Source Code of the Modified Work, You are also subject to the following term:  &emsp;c. You agree to grant the Author permission to deal in with your Modified Work under the terms of this License.4. Disclaimer of Warranty  THIS WORK IS PROVIEDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED,  INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. YOU ARGREE TO USE THIS WORK AT YOUR OWN RISK.5. Limitation of Liability  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE USE, OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE WORK, EVEN IF THE AUTHOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.